[DOCS-4333][CI Visibility] Add doc for junit upload detailing XPath tags feature (#15738)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/tests/junit_upload.md

**Examples**: `iPhone 12 Pro Simulator`, `iPhone 13 (QA team)`

## Providing metadata with XPath expressions

In addition to the `--tags` CLI parameter and the `DD_TAGS` environment variable, which apply custom tags globally to all tests included the uploaded XML report, the `--xpath-tag` parameter provides custom rules to add tags from different attributes within the XML to each test.

The parameter provided must have the format `key=expression`, where `key` is the name of the custom tag to be added and `expression` is a valid [XPath][10] expression within the ones supported.

> XPath syntax is used for familiarity but only a limited subset of expressions are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While XPath syntax is used for familiarity, but only the following expressions are supported:
```

Author: With your suggestion we also need to remove "but" after the comma, right?
```
While XPath syntax is used for familiarity, only the following expressions are supported
```

Reviewer: yes, good catch!

`/testcase/@attribute-name`
: The XML attribute from `<testcase attribute-name="value">`.

`/testcase/../@attribute-name`
: The XML attribute from the parent `<testsuite attribute-name="value">` of the current `<testcase>`.

`/testcase/..//property[@name='property-name']`

> : The `value` attribute from the `<property name="property-name" value="value">` inside the parent `<testsuite>` of current `<testcase>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: The `value` attribute from the `<property name="property-name" value="value">` inside the parent `<testsuite>` of the current `<testcase>`.
```

`/testcase//property[@name='property-name']`
: The `value` attribute from the `<property name="property-name" value="value">` inside the current `<testcase>`.

Examples:

{{< tabs >}}

{{% tab "Test suite from @classname" %}}

> By default the `test.suite` tag of the tests is read from `<testsuite name="suite name">`. However some plugins might report a better value in `<testcase classname="TestSuite">`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `test.suite` tag of the tests is read from `<testsuite name="suite name">`. However, some plugins might report a better value in `<testcase classname="TestSuite">`.
```

To change `test.suite` tags from `value 1`, `value 2` to `SomeTestSuiteClass`, `OtherTestSuiteClass`:

{{< code-block lang="xml" >}}
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<testsuites>
  <testsuite tests="1" failures="0" time="0.030000" name="value 1">
    <testcase classname="SomeTestSuiteClass" name="test_something" time="0.030000"></testcase>
  </testsuite>
  <testsuite tests="1" failures="0" time="0.021300" name="value 2">
    <testcase classname="OtherTestSuiteClass" name="test_something" time="0.021300"></testcase>
  </testsuite>
</testsuites>
{{< /code-block >}}

{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}
datadog-ci junit upload --service service_name \
  --xpath-tag test.suite=/testcase/@aclassname ./junit.xml
{{< /code-block >}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Tag from attribute" %}}

> To add `custom_tag` to each test with values `value 1`, `value 2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add `custom_tag` to each test with values `value 1`, `value 2`:
```

{{< code-block lang="xml" >}}
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<testsuites>
  <testsuite tests="1" failures="0" time="0.020000" name="SomeTestSuiteClass">
    <testcase name="test_something" time="0.010000" attr="value 1"></testcase>
    <testcase name="test_other" time="0.010000" attr="value 2"></testcase>
  </testsuite>
</testsuites>
{{< /code-block >}}

{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}
datadog-ci junit upload --service service_name \
  --xpath-tag custom_tag=/testcase/@attr ./junit.xml
{{< /code-block >}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Tag from testsuite property" %}}

> To add `custom_tag` to each test with values `value 1`, `value 2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add `custom_tag` to each test with values `value 1`, `value 2`:
```

{{< code-block lang="xml" >}}
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<testsuites>
  <testsuite tests="1" failures="0" time="0.030000" name="SomeTestSuiteClass">
    <properties>
      <property name="prop" value="value 1"></property>
    </properties>
    <testcase name="test_something" time="0.030000" attr="value 1"></testcase>
  </testsuite>
  <testsuite tests="1" failures="0" time="0.021300" name="OtherTestSuiteClass">
    <properties>
      <property name="prop" value="value 1"></property>
    </properties>
    <testcase name="test_something" time="0.021300" attr="value 1"></testcase>
  </testsuite>
</testsuites>
{{< /code-block >}}

{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}
datadog-ci junit upload --service service_name \
  --xpath-tag custom_tag=/testcase/..//property[@name=\'prop\'] ./junit.xml
{{< /code-block >}}

> **Note:** the escaping of quotes with `\'`. The quotes are required and bash removes them if not escaped.

Reviewer 2: Not sure it's the best way to put it, but the current is a bit difficult to understand.
```suggestion
**Note:** the quotes are required. Also, you have to escape quotes with slashes, e.g. `\'`.
```

> **Note:** the escaping of quotes with `\'`. The quotes are required and bash removes them if not escaped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The name must be in quotes. Bash requires quotes to be escaped using a backslash, for example `[@name='prop']` must be entered as `[@name=\'prop\'].
```
